main tasks:
  who I'am currently
  what should I be.
  what categories I'm from ? 
  3 goal I need to do before Die.
  who my enemies ?
  my history.
  what make me unique & validate me.
  worst scenarios can happend in the next 3 years until 2025
  scenarios I want it to happend in the next 3 years
  tricky blocks I need to remove from my life.
  Important things I required to provide it immediately






//personality
my history ?
  2000
    by LOVE my parents created me, I spowned neked aknowledged week.
    I almost die for my B+ blood limitation, the doctor donaited his blood to me in order to survive.
  2001 no data
  2002 no data
  2003
    ▸lost: 
      I was playeding ALONE infront of my house, & trying to do my first explore to the town I was live in, I walked away from my house, until I lost my way back at evening, until night come & thing become scary, too simply I start crying under tree, until adult-marchent hear me & take me to his house, his wife gived me food from his store, after 2hours my father-best-friend come pike me back to my house.
    ▸first friend:
      (somia), it was girl big then me by months, doter of my father-best-friend
      we used to played together, & she teach me how to wach my teeth by my poor fingers
  2004
    my sister(imene) born, she taked cutest & attantion from me in family
    ▸larwi:
      mome left me in blida under her sister care (zohra)
      I meet [rabah, amine, brahim, mazora, amine-neighbor, foad, mohamed, amine2, mazora2]
    2005
    ▸new house:
      my family moved from tiaret to blida
    my father buyed me bysclate & teach me how to ride it.
    my secound exploration to the new town, I meet kbiry(abd-rahmen) we kelled some bee's
    ▸yassin drowint: exploration with yassin, he drow in constructor hole full by rain water, I was laugh on him instead of trying to help
    ▸hay-driwach:
      father left me under his closer (unti 3aysha)
      I meet [ali link-like-boy♥ & his mother, hisham was gamer, mohamed, fatima, hnia, cows]
  2006
    primary school 1st year, I was set at first place with (marwan born on 2001) under teachr (rida)
    alaa-libi take my first place.
    I meet [mosa, abd-nore, lyas, nabil]
  2007
    primary school 2nd year, third place with (abd-el-malek) under old teacher(jilali)
    ▸abd el malak: 
      I was the strongest student in the class, I fight (abd-el-malak 2nd strongest one) & I beated him for love reason (zahra♥ first female crash), then all the class united with (abd-el-malak) against me, first I gripted him down, then all other students jump in top of us, it was big battle
  2008
    primary school 3rd & worse year, last place with (mohamed-darboka die☻) under teacher (majdob die☻), I wasn't smart.
    my little brother born(abd-el-momen) in 19th september like (yassin)
  2009
    primary school 4th year, second place with (ilyas,abd-nore)(mostafa the smartest & biggest lier) under teacher (jobari)
    I meet [bousila, ...]
    ▸htatba:
      my parent went to El-saoud(maka), and left me for 15 days under mather sister care.
      I meet [sid-ali, hajar, mohamed, sara, nawal, aisha, zohra, rima, ahlam, abir]
  2010
    primary school last year, first place with (rami), I was 1st in math, under teacher (taher cryzy)(fr:kasha cool).
    I meet [imade-libi, karim, ousama, mansour]
  2011
    meddle school 1st year, third place with (ousama-mechmacha his mother die☻), I was 1st in math under teacher (madani)
    I do several fights united with our gange(clicka-el-jarba)
  2012
    meddle school 2nd year, third place with (islam-moustik)
    1st in math & physics
    ▸I meet [hajj-tchinadore, islam-moustik(label me sarkhas), mousa-kabibara, ousama, aymen-batato, hamide-chlada, amino-zawachElKhra]
    ▸hamid year1:
      me & islam was teasing hamide every day, he was hate me.
  2013
    meddle school 3rd year, third place with (hamide♥)
    I was nerd 3rd in class
    I meet [abd-slam-housni, ousama, mosa, rami]
    brotherhood: madani revenge.
      (hasan-tingo) hit me & I was crying, madani say me, he come & hit him back.
    I build physics project of peaper houses & lights
    ▸hamid year2;
      I was toturing him math in his house
      He take me to many places, I have so much fun with him.
      I was love♥ him so much, more than just best friend.
      I misunderstand that kind of feeling, so I decided to not talke to him any more (all summer break) 
  2014
    meddle school last year, last place with (hamide)
    I was nerd 3rd in class, under teacher (halim)
    I meet [taboch-mohamed-wassim-abdElHake, hamza-lazeb, meched-mohamed, tara9-music]
    I build arabic prolect with wassim & hamide ATR
    ▸hamide year3:
      he was setting with machid in the first place
      he was confuse, after I asked him to set with me.
      he didn't ask me questions about last summer break.
      I was tutor him & tabouch math, in tabouch garage.
    ▸mechid year1:
      we was learning civilian model togather
    ▸hamza:
      uncle ahmed was turor us arabic
      we was hang out too much
      at night I was go to download games from his wifi
      unti ?? was coking us (tomina)
    ▸16 April:
      [me rami zahra mariam] compate the othr class & we winn
      hamide was filming the good moments by my phone (sony)
  2015
    high shoole 1st year, first place with (chakib, nofal)
    I meet [berraf, norhan, talmate, tikniwin, ramzi, fatah-anaHowa, ...]
    ▸marwan:
      my first class friend he take 8.01 in the first sesson
      I treat my best to tutor him, & give him reason to study hard
      the second sesson he take 12.99, I was so prowd of him.
    ▸father gone. in first break
      hamza help us, our neighbors, father family, ...[no data]
    ▸mechid year2:
      we was tutor each other [math, physics, biology]
    ▸games year1:
      I buyed laptop dell i3(2cpu, 1.8ghz), 1gb vram, 4gb ram(1600mhz)
      I played [prototyle, farCry3, gra4, nfsMw, hitman]
      I meet "vase" character from farCry3, insane
      I leart how to cheat with (cheat engain)
      side effect: reduce friendship, education
    ▸real hacker: (najRat)
      I hacked severl internet cafies
      I was inject my payload in fake images and order the ouner of internet cafee to print it & boom his Ip address added to my victims list
      I was be able to spy at real time screen sharing 440px 10fps, and able to control the victims keyboard & mouse, and log all their passwords or any thing they was typing. 
      it was so fun.
    ▸16 April:
      Me & wassim was managed the party by my laptup
      I was setting in the first place with him
      Sido (madani friend) act so cool
  2016
    high school 2nd year, mathematic branch
    I meet [Idris-fkir, Fella-gellay, meriam-mechid, katia, najat, sirin, housam-weldAli]
    ▸games year2:
      played [farCry4, resedent Evel revolotion2, ...]
      I meet "king" character from farCry4, luxery
      side effect: low attantion in education
    ▸mached year3:
      he was tutoring in school,
      at the first sission we both take 12
  2017
    high school bacalory, 10.64 mathematic
    I skipped my classes
    ▸games year3:
      I played [atom rpg, forest, blackList, farCry5, ...]
      I meet "Joseph seed" charecter in farCry5, gods plans.
      side effect: reduce education attantion
    ▸mached year4:
      he tutor me biology
      I borrow his notes several times
      he help me so much, he oun me something
    ▸anime year1:
      naruto shipuden 500 episode,
        gaara♥ lonely character.
        jiraya, oroutchimaro, madara, ...
        itahci, pain, sasuri friend, ...
      black butler, ceil♥phantomihave perfectness charecter.
    ▸manga year1:
      black butler, arabic sub
    ▸bl year1:
      MMD [attack on titan, naruto, ceil]
      yaoi manga [ciel, sasori, gaara, ...]
  2018
    university 1st year, sciance & technoolgy breanch
    than I delayed my education by one year
    I was study to another bacalory, but feild
    ▸mechid year5:
      I sutdy with him for 3mounths, but meet him few times.
      he visite me when I hospilitd (my teeth)
      he pay to another bacalory exame, but field like me.
    ▸games year4:
      I played [gta5, naruto shipuden, ...]
      by accedent I brock my mother TV
    ▸anime year2:
      naruto session1 200 episode
      black butler s2
      attack on titan s1, "Erin" brave character
    ▸manga year2:
      attack on titan s2
      black butler s3, 50% yaoi.
    ▸bl year2:
      youtube, MMD-like attack on titan real girls version.
      yaoi manga [ciel, ...]
    ▸damons:
      I read damons arabic books: antigristos(by ahmed mostafa), third ben ishak
  2019
    university merge after 1 year delay, but I skipped the second year too.
    I read arabic book "shifrat bilai" by "ahmed mostafa"
    ▸games year5:
      "hell january", I was so addictive to games, and my pc brocken, until 15th february
      I played [ark survival, the phantom pain, farCry new down]
      I meet "boss" character from phantom pain, snicky.
      I killed "Joseph seed" character in farCry new down.
      the pc brocken for ever
    ▸anime year3:
      boruto, attack on titan s2, black butlr s3...
    ▸manga:
      attack on titan s3, boruto, black butler
    ▸bl year3:
      myreadingmanga.com
    ▸suiside:
      mather named me "bilal" refering to black slave fight the death for his freedome
      I was addictive ota-gamer, hait the outside & work
      my pc brocken
      my future scinarios was based on slaverity (work as polic officore, or study by fr)
      so I decided to suiside, but failed
    ▸mechid year6:
      his sister birthday (halima), he send me (tamina)
  2020
    unievrsity field to merge again, or switch to bomerdase.
    I replaced games, anime, manga by anti pulitic news(zitout)
    I watched memes(mnanouk, cryzy guys...), youtuber gamers (jacksepteye, pewdiepai, offlineTV)
    ▸mechid year7:
      fb chating
  2021
    ▸mechid year8
      in ramdan eid I gift him cacks.
    ▸development year1:
      I study 4 months by mimo app (basics programming terms, htmy, css ,javascript), and I gained sertificate.
      I spend 6 months reading old book (2018) 815page of html5 in details, css3 in details, javascript & jQuery basics, graphics assets in details, web tools & git & github
  2022
    ▸mechid year9
      I build him happy birthday web-application
    ▸development year2:
      I study 2 months from freeCodeCamp, and gained first sertificate after building 5 projects.
      I update my docs from MDN: month htmy5, 3months css3, 2months sass(scss)
      I currently Updating vanila javaScript
  2023

how old I'm ?
what my current character status ?

//health

//investment
what'll happened ?
my future thoughts ?

//phylosiphy
what I'am ?
who I'am ?
  v0.0.1:
why I'am ?

//reletionship
did I need reletionships ?

//development

